[Music]
well I'm at all stars right now with
cars presented by HTC eSports to speak
to two very sick women Shox who just got
here and awfully who's been here and I
should say at the start of this
interview I really wanted to do this
interview I talked to Chablis about it
beforehand we were all really excited
about it and then Avila got sick how
sick are you awfully you even just try
to whisper we bumped your levels okay so
we're gonna see how much we get through
we might have to use subtitles let's
talk though
so Shox you were only you're you've been
you came in on Saturday or you got it on
Friday and then you showed up on
Saturday so what have you thought it all
starts so far now it's been in a couple
days well it was first off it was really
weird getting there in the middle of the
event because it was really awkward
because you feel so out of it and then
he like dive straight into the action I
think in the end it's a really weird
place for an event regardless you know
because the pro players they gave their
all during worlds and then now there's
at least like contract talks and all
that stuff going on so I get that like
you want something that feels like it's
or something and that's important but I
think you can also understand that
players don't want to give it the full
hundred percent although the LPL had
like a whole bootcamp and stuff so I
think it's kind of up to the players to
do what they want with it but well I
hope it was still entertaining enough
for the people at home Avila how have
you enjoyed all-stars it was great yeah
fantastic you if you're gonna whisper
you have to put the microphone really
close okay very exciting she says all
right so now that we've talked about
all-stars let's talk let's talk about
the two of you so it's gonna be very
hard difficult to do this interview
without hopefully being able to speak
because awfully you are you tweeted
something whenever the broadcast lineup
came out about how a year ago you would
never believe that you were on the same
lineup three years ago so you wouldn't
believe this a year ago is what you're
saying
okay so not even a year ago you would
have believed that you'd be on the
signup with all these these folks at
this international event
and specifically with shocks so what
what is it like for you to even though
your kids aren't able to cover the same
days be here at the Savannah working
together mind blowing
like a dream come true okay I'm so old
[Laughter]
okay and so then there's an interesting
thing where all they had done some
interviews with us at Yahoo but then she
suddenly shows up on the broadcast and
everyone just starts spamming na shocks
any shocks in a shot any shocks any
shocks and I was I imagine that that
must have been kind of annoying for you
to see all that but you know what can
you talk a little bit about now you know
North America having not just a white
dude on broadcast but actually you know
a female talent well the NH oxfam I was
annoyed at it just for her because I was
like like why do you have to she's
awfully and she's doing her thing and
it's but then I talked to her about it
and she has a much thicker skin than I
do because she was like you know what
it's cool whatever I'm just doing my
thing and I was like all right so bad
about it I think in general it's a bit
silly of course because you know I would
say like people you directly compared to
is not just another woman that does your
job right it's all the interviewers are
all doing everything she do but I do
understand it and I think it's kind of
cool and I don't mind being called you
awfully and I think honor doesn't mind
being called any shocks it's cool we're
all this together and I don't know it's
really weird really for me the like
because it's still there was there's not
a lot of women you know there's for
asking me on the on the main broadcast
most of the time so it's just really
really freaking cool that a yeah that
you're here and that you're doing so
well and I don't know I don't know you
just knock it out of the park it must be
Travis is excellent guidance but can you
confer
she's sitting you guys can't hear what
she's saying absolutely true that is
100% real couldn't have done this
without Travis I owe all my success to
him
and thank you ah that's very humble I
could have done this on your own but I
really appreciate it
no I mean this so this is the first time
that you guys have had a chance to meet
in person have you guys had a chance to
hang out despite the sickness and like
interact a little bit okay
and you can't talk yes so what what have
you what have you guys been able to do
again if you could kind of my heart
broke for you because it's like because
you were so excited to do this event and
then maybe you got like too excited or
something and I don't know it's just you
gave it your all the first two days it
sucks it really sucks for you I feel so
bad but only think that 2018 you can do
all the cool stuff and just make sure
you're fit for that so what you said you
had questions that you didn't get a
chance to ask her can you share any of
those questions or is it just mostly
dealing with like crazy internet stuff
in what way I think you get less
triggered it looks like I mean I
sometimes I do well but sometimes I do
not well with reading comments and
really bad but I feel like you have a
pretty good like armor and a good system
for it so yeah I can learn of you I just
come here everything to high school
nothing will never be worse than high
school she always makes it so real
anytime because we are off to tease her
about that she's like nothing can be
worse than high school at some point in
time there's gonna be some documentary
about how she had the hardest life ever
in high school I'm trying to think if
there's a there's anything else because
I want to be respectful of Avila's voice
but Shox I'm sure you've already given
her a bunch of advice but is there
anything else that you would kind of say
to Offaly as because you've been doing
this for years and years so she was
probably in diapers so you know like
she's just way way back you know
I'm like 50 and awfully late yeah as
you're on the way out and she's on the
way I was there it is everything that
you would say to her never ever listen
to Travis yeah I think I did that pretty
well already but you know know which
people and this it's not that former
point no from which people you want to
take advice and listen to and know what
things are just kind of background noise
right and know that it's not always
going to be easy and you're gonna mess
up but I think laughing at yourself is
the most important thing and I think the
first interview did you have that pastry
toss that was my stuff and you handled
that perfectly and I think that was the
perfect start
so yeah just know that you can laugh at
yourself and do your thing and I make
mistakes every day obviously yeah Oh
Phoebe inning so for me it's always been
dealing with comments and stuff and I
think in that regard like for you it
must be kind of even harder because the
Eastburn is so exposed now so you
immediately get put out for 250k viewers
right and for me I could like gradually
start because it was like maybe 20k
viewers and then a bit more and a bit
more but yeah I had to rediscover myself
and I think as you say you're still
growing as a person as an adult right
you're still very young and I'm of
course now older but you kinda you
evolve as a person and sometimes that's
not what maybe people like as much right
maybe you get more serious or more funny
or you like to talk about different
things but I think it's important to
know what you want to do and show the
person that you want to show and yeah
[Music]
except for in my interviews where you
know anything goes alright well that's
so great I want to thank Olly by the way
for coming into the studio she's not on
broadcast today but we have planned to
do this interview and she figured that
we figure out a way to do it so
hopefully everybody enjoyed that thank
you so much talks for the interview as
well what just for you yeah just for me
thank you so much it's more just for
socks you just wants to hang out was
talk smart either way I thank you guys
so much thanks everyone for watching you
can check out more coverage of all
things eSports right here on my youtube
channel